com/task/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.task.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.task.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.task.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/task/BuildConfig.java
 com.task.BuildConfig
com/task/databinding/DetailListFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.task.databinding.DetailListFragmentBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/task/utils/font/CustomFontRadioButtonRegular.java
 com.task.utils.font.CustomFontRadioButtonRegular
com/task/utils/font/CustomFontTextViewRegular.java
 com.task.utils.font.CustomFontTextViewRegular
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/task/databinding/RegistrationFragmentBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.RegistrationFragmentBinding
com/task/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.task.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/task/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/task/databinding/DetailFragmentBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.DetailFragmentBinding
com/task/utils/font/CustomFontEditTextRegular.java
 com.task.utils.font.CustomFontEditTextRegular
com/task/databinding/LayoutAppHeaderBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.LayoutAppHeaderBinding
com/task/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/task/utils/font/CustomFontButtonBold.java
 com.task.utils.font.CustomFontButtonBold
com/task/BR.java
 com.task.BR
com/task/data/remote/moshiFactories/MyStandardJsonAdapters.java
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$1
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$10
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$11
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$2
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$3
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$4
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$5
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$6
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$7
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$8
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$9
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$EnumJsonAdapter
 com.task.data.remote.moshiFactories.MyStandardJsonAdapters$ObjectJsonAdapter
com/task/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/task/databinding/DetailListFragmentBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.DetailListFragmentBinding
com/task/databinding/ItemHomeDetailBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.ItemHomeDetailBinding
com/task/databinding/LanguageFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.task.databinding.LanguageFragmentBindingImpl
com/task/databinding/RegistrationFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.task.databinding.RegistrationFragmentBindingImpl
com/task/databinding/ItemHomeBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.ItemHomeBinding
com/task/databinding/ItemLanguageBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.ItemLanguageBinding
com/task/utils/font/CustomFontTextViewBold.java
 com.task.utils.font.CustomFontTextViewBold
com/task/utils/font/CustomFontTextViewLight.java
 com.task.utils.font.CustomFontTextViewLight
com/task/databinding/DialogHelperBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.DialogHelperBinding
com/task/databinding/DetailFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.task.databinding.DetailFragmentBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/task/databinding/LanguageFragmentBinding.java
 com.task.databinding.LanguageFragmentBinding
com/task/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.task.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
